Tell you guys, I'm going to end up with another video for you today.
show another safadi drawing for you poll of the time was everything super good
bateman estaque portimonense destroyed his characters all
to me and to my surprise said that the first ones to get something there
the votes of one more bar taking did not leave votes tunnels - got 71
votes against ten of the flash against seven of the supremo
even so I think it was one of those who had ten more
saleh at the honey house poor because I like
I hope you like the current deputy diplomat Tucana still an optics
of the longing and beloved batsman
duarte pacheco
harry then hope you have also shown logic of sines cable
treasury
the kombis and fight against hunger
just did not do too much talking if I said that quickly
I do not know put in what would generate because I have much idea of
character
I just want to know what you wanted me to do floor
Why are you asking me then?
I want you to help me select the characters that happen like this.
Write the character's name
and what kind of animism is it in childbirth but I want it to draw the probe why
he wanted to king himself if the italian gary rose side
blocked
so I put the name of the character and what he does
movie alike
I'll make an effort to do
the ball then I hope you have enjoyed the 28 companies that support themselves
here the video yesterday that the one presented in gta did not count that such too late -
I concluded, I'm missing what?
the slow in the tests or until the next 21 percent